Update caching documentation (#1267)
awslabs/mountpoint-s3: doc/SEMANTICS.md

Mountpoint also offers optional metadata and object content caching.
See the [caching section of the configuration documentation](./CONFIGURATION.md#caching) for more information.
When opting into caching, the strong read-after-write consistency model is relaxed,

> and you may see stale filesystem metadata or object data for up to the cache's metadata time-to-live (TTL),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and you may see stale file system metadata or object data for up to the cache's metadata time-to-live (TTL),
```
